.\" Copyright 2015-2017 IBM Corp.
.\"
.TH CXL_AFU_FD_TO_H 3 2017-05-24 "LIBCXL 1.5" "CXL Programmer's Manual"
.SH NAME
cxl_afu_fd_to_h \- create an AFU handle from the file descriptor of an already open AFU
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <libcxl.h>
.PP
.B "struct cxl_afu_h cxl_afu_fd_to_h(int"
.IB fd );
.SH DESCRIPTION
.BR cxl_afu_fd_to_h ()
returns an AFU handle from the already open AFU device associated to the
file descriptor
.IR fd .
.PP
A dedicated process mode AFU only has one context and only allows
the device to be opened once.
An AFU directed mode AFU can have many contexts, the device can
be opened once for each context that is available.
.SH RETURN VALUE
On success, an AFU handle is returned.
On error, NULL is returned, and
.I errno
is set appropriately.
.SH ERRORS
.TP
.B EBADF
Bad file descriptor.
.TP
.B ENODEV
Kernel does not support CXL devices, or device is not an AFU.
.TP
.B ENOMEM
Insufficient memory.
.TP
.B ENOSPC
No AFU context available.
.TP
.B EPROTO
Unsupported kernel CXL API version.
.SH FILES
.TP
.BI /dev/cxl/afu <i> . <j> d
AFU device in dedicated process mode.
.TP
.BI /dev/cxl/afu <i> . <j> m
AFU device in AFU directed mode, master context.
.TP
.BI /dev/cxl/afu <i> . <j> s
AFU device in AFU directed mode, slave context.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR cxl (3),
.BR cxl_afu_attach (3),
.BR cxl_afu_attach_work (3),
.BR cxl_afu_attach_full (3),
.BR cxl_afu_dev_name (3),
.BR cxl_afu_fd (3),
.BR cxl_afu_free (3),
.BR cxl_afu_get_process_element (3),
.BR cxl_afu_open_dev (3),
.BR cxl_afu_open_h (3),
.BR cxl_afu_opened (3),
.BR cxl_get_api_version (3),
.BR cxl_get_api_version_compatible (3),
.BR cxl_get_cr_class (3),
.BR cxl_get_cr_device (3),
.BR cxl_get_cr_vendor (3),
.BR cxl_get_mode (3),
.BR cxl_get_modes_supported (3),
.BR cxl_read_event (3),
.BR cxl_read_expected_event (3),
.BR cxl_set_mode (3),
.BR open (2)
