.\" Copyright 2015-2017 IBM Corp.
.\"
.TH CXL_AFU_NEXT 3 2017-05-24 "LIBCXL 1.5" "CXL Programmer's Manual"
.SH NAME
cxl_afu_next \- iterate to the next AFU
.PP
cxl_for_each_afu \- iteration macro
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <libcxl.h>
.PP
.B "struct cxl_afu_h *cxl_afu_next(struct cxl_afu_h"
.BI * afu );
.SH DESCRIPTION
.BR cxl_afu_next ()
returns an AFU handle describing the next available AFU.
.PP
When
.I afu
is NULL, then an AFU handle is allocated, and the first available
AFU is returned.
.PP
When
.I afu
is the last AFU available, then the AFU handle is freed,
.I errno
is set to zero, and NULL is returned.
Alternatively, the AFU handle can be freed explicitly with
.BR cxl_afu_free ().
.SH RETURN VALUE
On success, an AFU handle is returned, or NULL is returned and
.I errno
is set to zero.
On error, NULL is returned, and
.I errno
is set appropriately.
.SH ERRORS
.TP
.B ENODEV
Kernel does not support CXL devices.
.TP
.B ENOMEM
Insufficient memory.
.SH EXAMPLE
The CXL library provides the following macro to enumerate all AFUs:
.PP
.nf
    #define cxl_for_each_afu(afu) \\
        for (afu = cxl_afu_next(NULL); afu; afu = cxl_afu_next(afu))
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR cxl (3),
.BR cxl_adapter_afu_next (3),
.BR cxl_adapter_next (3),
.BR cxl_afu_dev_name (3),
.BR cxl_afu_free (3),
.BR cxl_afu_sysfs_pci (3),
.BR cxl_get_mmio_size (3),
.BR cxl_get_mode (3),
.BR cxl_get_modes_supported (3),
.BR cxl_get_pp_mmio_len (3),
.BR cxl_get_pp_mmio_off (3),
.BR cxl_get_prefault_mode (3),
.BR cxl_set_mode (3),
.BR cxl_set_prefault_mode (3)
