.\" Copyright 2015 IBM Corp.
.\"
.TH CXL_READ_EXPECTED_EVENT 3 2016-05-25 "LIBCXL 1.4" "CXL Manual"
.SH NAME
cxl_read_expected_event \- read one CXL event from an AFU, and treat it as a failure, if it did not match an expected event
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <libcxl.h>
.PP
.BI "int cxl_read_expected_event(struct cxl_afu_h *" afu ,
.BI "struct cxl_event *" event ", __u32 " type ,
.BI "__u16 " irq );
.SH DESCRIPTION
.BR cxl_read_expected_event ()
reads one CXL event from
.IR afu ,
when an event of
.I type
is expected,
and copies it to the structure pointed to by
.IR event .
For AFU interrupts, the expected AFU interrupt number
.I irq
may also be supplied (0 will accept any AFU interrupt).
.SH RETURN VALUE
On success, 0 is returned if the read event was of the expected type
and (if applicable) AFU interrupt number.
If the event did not match the type and interrupt, -1 is returned.
.PP
On error, \-2 is returned and
.I errno
is set appropriately.
.SH ERRORS
.TP
.B EAGAIN
AFU device opened with
.BR O_NONBLOCK ,
and no data immediately available.
.TP
.B EINTR
Interrupted
.BR read ()
system call.
.TP
.B EINVAL
Invalid argument value, or AFU not opened.
.TP
.B EIO
Unrecoverable error.
.TP
.B ENODATA
No data returned by
.BR read ().
.TP
.B ENOMEM
Insufficient memory.
.SH FILES
.TP
.BI /dev/cxl/afu <i> . <j> d
AFU device in dedicated process mode.
.TP
.BI /dev/cxl/afu <i> . <j> m
AFU device in AFU directed mode, master context.
.TP
.BI /dev/cxl/afu <i> . <j> s
AFU device in AFU directed mode, slave context.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR cxl (3),
.BR cxl_afu_fd_to_h (3),
.BR cxl_afu_open_dev (3),
.BR cxl_afu_open_h (3),
.BR cxl_afu_opened (3),
.BR cxl_fprint_event (3),
.BR cxl_fprint_unknown_event (3),
.BR cxl_event_pending (3),
.BR cxl_read_event (3),
.BR open (2),
.BR read (2)
