.\" Copyright 2015 IBM Corp.
.\"
.TH CXL_AFU_ATTACH_FULL 3 2015-08-15 "LIBCXL 1.2" "CXL Programmer's Manual"
.SH NAME
cxl_afu_attach_full \- attach the calling process's memory to an open AFU
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <libcxl.h>
.PP
.B "int cxl_afu_attach_full(struct cxl_afu_h"
.BI * afu ", __u64 " wed ,
.BI "__u16 " num_interrupts ", __u64 " amr );
.SH DESCRIPTION
.BR cxl_afu_attach_full ()
attaches a context of
.I afu
to the current process, specifies
.I wed
as the initial work element descriptor, requests
.IR num_interrupts ,
sets the authority mask register
.IR amr ,
and starts the AFU context.
.PP
On success, all memory mapped into this process is accessible to the
AFU context using the same effective addresses.
No additional calls are required to map/unmap memory.
The AFU memory context will be updated as userspace allocates and
frees memory.
.PP
The work element descriptor
.wed
is a 64-bit argument defined by the AFU.
Typically this is an effective address pointing to an AFU specific
structure describing what work to perform.
.PP
The number of requested userspace interrupts
.I num_interrupts
must be in the range defined by
.BR cxl_get_irqs_min ()
and
.BR cxl_get_irqs_max ().
.PP
The authority mask register
.I amr
is the same as the powerpc AMR.
.SH RETURN VALUE
On success, 0 is returned.
On error, \-1 is returned and
.I errno
is set appropriately.
.SH ERRORS
.TP
.B EINVAL
Invalid argument value, or AFU not opened.
.TP
.B ENOMEM
Not enough memory.
.TP
.B ENOSPC
Not enough interrupts available.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR cxl (3),
.BR cxl_afu_attach (3),
.BR cxl_afu_attach_work (3),
.BR cxl_afu_fd_to_h (3),
.BR cxl_afu_free (3),
.BR cxl_afu_open_dev (3),
.BR cxl_afu_opened (3),
.BR cxl_get_irqs_max (3),
.BR cxl_get_irqs_min (3),
.BR cxl_get_prefault_mode (3),
.BR cxl_mmio_map (3),
.BR cxl_set_irqs_max (3),
.BR cxl_set_mode (3),
.BR cxl_set_prefault_mode (3)
