.\" Copyright 2015-2017 IBM Corp.
.\"
.TH CXL_AFU_ATTACH 3 2017-05-24 "LIBCXL 1.5" "CXL Programmer's Manual"
.SH NAME
cxl_afu_attach \- attach the calling process's memory to an open AFU
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <libcxl.h>
.PP
.B "int cxl_afu_attach(struct cxl_afu_h"
.BI * afu ", __u64 " wed );
.SH DESCRIPTION
.BR cxl_afu_attach ()
attaches a context of
.I afu
to the current process, specifies
.I wed
as the initial work element descriptor, and starts the AFU context.
.PP
On success, all memory mapped into this process is accessible to the
AFU context using the same effective addresses.
No additional calls are required to map/unmap memory.
The AFU memory context will be updated as userspace allocates and
frees memory.
.PP
The work element descriptor
.I wed
is a 64-bit argument defined by the AFU.
Typically this is an effective address pointing to an AFU specific
structure describing what work to perform.
.PP
The minimum number of userspace interrupts required by the AFU
will be allocated.
This value is returned by
.BR cxl_get_irqs_min ().
.SH RETURN VALUE
On success, 0 is returned.
On error, \-1 is returned and
.I errno
is set appropriately.
.SH ERRORS
.TP
.B EINVAL
Invalid argument value, or AFU not opened.
.TP
.B ENOMEM
Not enough memory.
.TP
.B ENOSPC
Not enough interrupts available.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR cxl (3),
.BR cxl_afu_attach_full (3),
.BR cxl_afu_attach_work (3),
.BR cxl_afu_fd_to_h (3),
.BR cxl_afu_free (3),
.BR cxl_afu_open_dev (3),
.BR cxl_afu_opened (3),
.BR cxl_get_irqs_max (3),
.BR cxl_get_irqs_min (3),
.BR cxl_get_prefault_mode (3),
.BR cxl_mmio_map (3),
.BR cxl_set_mode (3),
.BR cxl_set_prefault_mode (3)
